ASSIGNMENT-1
WEB SCRAPING
In all the following questions, you have to use BeautifulSoup to scrape different websites and collect data as per
the requirement of the question.
Every answer to the question should be in form of a python function which should take URL as the parameter.
Use Jupyter Notebooks to program, upload it on your GitHub and send the link of the Jupyter notebook to your
SME.
1) Write a python program to display all the header tags from wikipedia.org and make data frame.
2) Write s python program to display list of respected former presidents of India(i.e. Name , Term ofoffice)
from https://presidentofindia.nic.in/former-presidents.htm and make data frame.
3) Write a python program to scrape cricket rankings from icc-cricket.com. You have to scrape and make data framea) Top 10 ODI teams in men’s cricket along with the records for matches, points and rating.
b) Top 10 ODI Batsmen along with the records of their team andrating.
c) Top 10 ODI bowlers along with the records of their team andrating.
4) Write a python program to scrape cricket rankings from icc-cricket.com. You have to scrape and make data framea) Top 10 ODI teams in women’s cricket along with the records for matches, points and rating.
b) Top 10 women’s ODI Batting players along with the records of their team and rating.
c) Top 10 women’s ODI all-rounder along with the records of their team and rating.
5) Write a python program to scrape mentioned news details from https://www.cnbc.com/world/?region=world and
make data framei) Headline
ii) Time
iii) News Link
6) Write a python program to scrape the details of most downloaded articles from AI in last 90
days.https://www.journals.elsevier.com/artificial-intelligence/most-downloaded-articles
Scrape below mentioned details and make data framei) Paper Title
ii) Authors
iii) Published Date
iv) Paper URL
7) Write a python program to scrape mentioned details from dineout.co.inand make data framei) Restaurant name
ii) Cuisine
iii) Location
iv) Ratings
v) Image URL
